"setting:nice environment that was able to cater to groups of all sizes from small parties to even an ugly sweater party (this really happened!). kind of dresses itself up to be a nice sit-down place but unfortunately the food was not on the same level.food:for appetizers i shared the calamari with my friend and for the main entree i got the recommended pasta trio. first off i love calamari. a lot. i've definitely had better at similar quality establishments. the calamari was very bland and did not taste fresh. the batter was not crisp and crunchy. the sauce tasted watered down. the recommended pasta trio (3 types of pastas and all you can eat) was a bit below average. for a recommendation i expected more. overall the food was underwhelming. my friend always cleans her plate. so clean that it looks like she was served only the plate. this was the first time that she did not finish her dish (chicken cacciatore). she is not super picky so this really meant she did not like it.the type of food here is comparable to olive garden in terms of american-italian fare but i would rather eat at olive garden anyday. og just tastes better and is way cheaper.service:mediocre at best. the waters were not kept filled. not a huge deal for me since i drink slowly but some of my friends kept looking for the water and it clearly distracted them from their dining experience. the pasta trio is all you can eat and they come back to refill your plate. a few of us were waiting on the third round...and we never got it. even though the food was not the tastiest we were hungry and still needed to be fed. the wait staff didn't even ask if we wanted a third serving and just took our plates quickly without giving us a chance. a few of us were still left a little bit hungry...it was a grumpy ride home :( impressions:relative to the pricing of the food i expected better quality. even if the pricing was on par with comparable establishments the quality of the food was lacking. i hate to say this but we had a disappointing experience overall from the food to the service.",0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1
