"i am not a mean person not a vindictive person. i bear the friendly people of pizza parma no ill will.but their pizza was remarkably terrible.went there hungry a bit past midnight looking for a little something before going home to sleep. they don't have slices--this seems to be a (terrible stupefying egregious) trend in these parts. fine. the smallest pizza a personal pie costs $7 and is 7 in diameter. the cashier and i agree that that's a very small amount of pizza and since i'm hungrier than one and one half mouthsful i get a small which is 10. i add a mushroom topping. i pay my $11.21 and wait.there are two seating options inside the store: a small wooden bench and two fold up chairs around a little table. conveniently they were using the wooden bench to store a rolled up carpet that laid across the whole thing and they'd also elected to fold up the two folding chairs probably because they were tired from a long day of being used as chairs. so i waited outside the store on a bench.the friendly cashier and the friendly patrons waiting for their order indoors called me over when my pizza was ready. i took it outside sitting in the cold to eat it thinking i hope this $11 pizza is pretty good. opened up the box saw how pitifully small a 10 pizza is and started eating.let me say something about pizza: if you have decent cheese decent tomato sauce flour water and a hot oven you can make a passable pizza. i will eat it and think well this isn't the best pizza i've ever had but it's fine. that is not what i thought when i ate pizza parma's pizza. i thought it would be too rude and insulting to ask for my money back. i'll just try to eat as much of this as i can.i ate three out of the six slices. (one sixth of a 10 pizza is a total of *25/6 = 13 square inches. that sounds like a lot of pizza but in fact is a tiny amount of pizza.) i couldn't stand to eat more than half. the mushrooms were fine; i fished them out and ate them. the cheese was actually terrible; it had a strange chemical taste and plasticky appearance. the crust was poofy and not crusty.ashamedly i threw half of a pizza away tonight. folks i am not a food destroyer. i eat things i don't like and expired foods because i don't want to waste. it takes a legitimately terrible pizza for me to actually throw the thing away.went home made some eggs and guess what? the terrible cheese taste from an hour and a half ago? it's still in my mouth. i'm not making this up.i know there's good pizza around here. ordered two back to back slices at spak brothers--delicious! tasty! reasonable price! but whoaaaaaaa whoa was this terrible overexpensive pizza. sheesh.",0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1
