"disappointed. that one word sums up our group of 15's experience at the spaghetti warehouse. this restaurant has been a pittsburgh institution for so long; however it left many in our group unsatisfied and hungry at the end. my mom ordered the roasted garlic shrimp and her dish was dry and the shrimp were over cooked to the point of too chewy. i ordered the chopped salad warehouse style as my main entree and it was a big salad. yet the veggies in the salad weren't fresh and the warm chicken was burnt and wilted the lettuce with its heat. i sent it back without eating it (at least the waitress was kind enough to take it off of our bill). my fiance got the lasagna and chicken parm off of the classic combo section of the menu and his chicken was ok but not great. the lasagna was good too. however neither were great.  my aunt and father were unimpressed with their dishes as well but i'm not sure what they got so i can't speak to their food quality.also it took us an hour after we ordered to receive our food and our food was cold. granted i understand we have a party of 15 but the restaurant was not packed by any stretch of the means. in fact the room we sat in had approximately 10 open tables. i can't speak to how filled the other rooms of the restaurant were though. but there should not have been a hour wait nor should we have gotten cold food as a result of it. we have booked this restaurant for our rehearsal dinner for our wedding but considering how poor the food was and how incredibly slow the service was (no fault of the waitress) we are looking to change our reservations to a different restaurant. we chose the spaghetti warehouse because it is close to the hotel where all of our guests for our wedding are staying. given how slow the service was we can't afford to be there til 10:30pm at night when we have to be up at 6am the next morning for a very long day. (another reviewer said that their rehearsal dinner group took 3+ hours to get out of there).  just my 2 cents.  i wish the food quality and service were better.  i'm glad we found it out now before the rehearsal dinner.",0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,1
