"terrible.i visited this restaurant for the first time yesterday to use up a groupon.  thank god i didn't pay full price for this slop.  first lets talk about the decor.  others have commented about the outdated 80s look of the place. i concur.  the chairs are ridiculously heavy and uncomfortable.  and don't even get me started on the hideous glass constructions hanging from the ceiling.  second let talk about the staff.  unprofessional to say the least.  when we were waiting for our table i witnessed the hostess yell at a man from across the restaurant instead of walking up to him and guiding him to his party.  hey anthony your party's over here!  ridiculous. this restaurant has an open kitchen which is usually a good thing - but not when everyone's yelling at each other.  we were seated near the kitchen and i'm not exaggerating heard someone yell order! approximately every 30 seconds.  staff yelled at each other from across the restaurant constantly.  i felt like i was on a playground.  our waitress was a nice sweet girl and she did the best she could considering the environment she was in.  i have no complaints about her.  the food though... jesus.  we started with the margarita shrimp cocktail.  imagine tiny round pieces of popcorn shrimp floating in a glass of lime flavored water.  these were served with tortilla chips which you'd think were meant to be used to scoop up the shrimp from the glass.  but the shrimp are solid round balls not a scoopable salsa.  we tried picking up the shrimp with the chips but they'd just roll off and end up on the floor.  my date and i just laughed as we tried to eat this concoction.  when it finally made it into our mouths it was gross anyway.  my boyfriend ordered a sushi/sashimi combo platter.  i'm being generous by giving it a rating of mediocre.  take out sushi from a grocery store is better.  now i admit i made the mistake here - i ordered the fried fish platter.  i'm used to getting a variety at seafood restaurants.  at a place like mitchell's fish market you can get a dish with a piece of fish a few scallops a few shrimp and a vegetable.  the original fish market has no such dish.  the only dish i could get that had more than just one piece of fish with some plain steamed white rice and steamed spinach was the fried fish platter.  so i ordered that with a side of green beans (vegetables were $5 - $7 extra).the description said i would get a piece of tilapia scallops oysters shrimp and french fries.  i didn't realize this meant that the tilapia was fried the scallops were fried the oysters were fried and the shrimp was fried all on top of a giant bed of fried french fries.  it's just not what i pictured.  like i said it was my mistake for not reading carefully and not asking the waitress but lets say for argument's sake that this is what i wanted.  it was still disgusting.  the batter/flavor was exactly the same for everything.  the scallops tasted like the french fries.  the shrimp tasted like the french fries the tilapia tasted like the french fries.  i didn't even try the oysters but i'm pretty sure they would have tasted like french fries.  i ate barely a quarter of this dish and i'm pretty sure i consumed an entire week's worth of saturated fat.  if you ate this entire plate i think a heart attack would interrupt your dessert.the green beans were good. other people commented that you can't count on hotel restaurants being worthwhile.  i have to agree.  if everyone's just passing through you don't have to worry about actually impressing anyone and getting them to come back.  and with business travelers they're usually paying with their company's dime so they don't bother to complain or expect much.i have learned my lesson.  i'm not coming back.  and i seriously question the sanity of people who gave this place more than two stars.",0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1
