"i really don't know why i bother with chain restaurants anymore.  now that my palate has matured and i no longer think chicken fingers and french fries are gourmet cuisine i really can't find anything to eat in a place like this.  my husband and i were running errands at the waterfront and we needed to find a place for lunch.  we decided on uno because pizza sounded good to us.  my husband is a meat lover so i agreed to let him order us a meat-covered pizza.  to counteract this a little i ordered a tomato mozzarella salad so we'd at least have some vegetables in the mix.  when the salad arrived it did not look like the picture.  the menu description is thus: chopped lettuce roma tomatoes with basil and garlic buffalo mozzarella drizzled with balsamic syrup.  this description is accompanied by a bright colorful picture of a salad with bright green lettuce bright red tomatoes and a delicate drizzling of balsamic syrup.  it looks light and yummy.what we got however was soggy yellow and white iceberg lettuce completely drenched in dressing a total of four tiny pieces of tomato and some cheese.  it was disgusting.  there was so much dressing dripping off of this dish it was more like a soup than a salad.  i suspect that the lettuce was so wilted and brown they figured they could disguise it by completely soaking it in dressing.  not only was it disgusting but it cost us about $10.  $10 for complete inedible slop.  the numero uno pizza we got was nothing to write home about either.  it was ok... very mediocre.  the crust tasted like it was undercooked and the sauce tasted like plain tomato sauce with no seasoning whatsoever.  i have been to chicago many times had real chicago deep dish many times and this just doesn't even come close to the real thing.  the only positive i give this restaurant is they have the kiosk in the front where you can look up the calorie count of the food right there.  it would be better if they'd actually print it on the menu but they are still doing better than most restaurants in this effort.  they are making strides too with their whole grain crust options.  i'm sure there's still a lot of room for improvement however.  if you're listening uno please work on providing your customers with healthier food - not just healthy options like salads but work on making the main dishes you serve better for your customers (low-fat cheese low-sugar sauce less sodium etc.).   their hearts will applaud you.  and lastly why does every chain restaurant have to decorate with old signs?  is there some sort of chain restaurant decorating requirement i don't know about?  it's baffling.",0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1
