"i had lived outside of pittsburgh for a couple of years and have eaten at this primanti brothers location four or five times. their sandwiches were always tasty worth the wait and the trouble of finding parking etc. so when my parents came to visit and we made a trip out that-a-way i knew that would be a lunch stop. we ended up coming into pittsburgh on sunday around 1pm. i knew it would be crowded and anticipated having a wait. we got a table after 15 to 20 minutes and quickly sat down before someone else did. it took the waitress about 10 minutes to come and clear the previous customers remnants which was ok. we ordered our beers and were told that she'd come back and take our order. she came back 20 minutes later with the beers and took our order. after that we sat around and waited for our sandwiches for 35 minutes. when we did finally get our food it was ice cold. the fries in the sandwich were completely soggy and cold and the meat was barely warm. our table ran out of napkins and we asked for some but they never came finally the table next to ours handed us a few. maybe it was because it was cold but the sandwiches weren't that great. i had very little meat in mine and more coleslaw that anything else. also the thickness of the bread seems to have increased since i last ate here because about 60% of my sandwich was bread. we were fairly disgruntled about the whole thing but were still going to leave a tip for the waitress. then my dad went to the bar to pay. he stood there for 10 minutes behind another customer. the server came up to them and said 'what the hell are you doing up here?' in those words!! my dad was so stunned be just stood there the guy in line ahead of him told her that he was waiting to pay his bill so she cashed him out and then turned around to do something else when my dad said 'excuse me i need to pay too' she replied to him ' jeez you guys are so demanding! why the hell are you in such a hurry. that is when their tip went straight out the door with us. we were ok waiting for a table we were even ok waiting for our food; it took them one hour from the time we sat down to the time we got our food and then the server had the audacity to behave in that manner. either primanti brothers has become too big for their boots and let things slide or they need to train their staff to be more polite and efficient. we will definitely not be coming back the next time we are in town. our money is better spent else where.",0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1
