"so after an evening of enjoying a comedy show at the waterfront we headed to rock bottom for some late night grub.  the place was pretty busy we had to walk around the bar area for several minutes until a nice couple told us they were about to leave and we could have their bar table.  as nice as this was of them it was awkward standing over them as they finished their drinks paid their bill and left.  so finally seated i look over the drinks and being the huge ipa lover that i am i went with that and it was indeed a good choice.  the hubby had the red ale which was also rather good.the service was ok not the best not the worst.  but moving on to more important thing the food.  talk about missing the mark hugely!  i ordered the mini street fish tacos.  you get four mini tacos with a marinated in lime piece of fish and tomatillo salsa.  they were just strokes away from inedible.  i love fish tacos i mean it is such a simple concept so why do people have such a hard time executing this dish? the shells were hard and literally split at the bottom when i picked them up.  the sour cream sprayed all over the plate only made them messy and the poor fish was just so overcooked.  if i wasn't so hungry i wouldn't have eaten them at all! lesson learn on that.the husband had the bbq chicken pizza.  it had beans and corn with roasted red pepper on it along with some sour cream.  my husband is usually the type that will order these lovely specialty pizza's and ask for them to remove all the wonderful unique toppings!  for instance he would usually just say chicken bbq and cheese nothing else!  i refused to let him do that this time because i was really intrigued in the combination of ingredients on this pie.  and boy was i jealous when it came out.  it blew my crappy tacos out of the water!  should have stuck with something simple.  furthermore i could care less if i come back to this location.  the beers were good but hell you can get a decent ipa just about anywhere anymore.  and the underwhelming food sealed the deal.  i know this is a chain but it still doesn't have to stink...",0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1
