"i had the exact same experience as john r. went here to get a quick bite to eat before seeing a movie across the street. the place was near empty and there were three waitresses. got seated and waited on immediately. ordered drinks and it took them 15 minutes to come...no not alcoholic drinks two waters and an iced tea. this should have been a bad sign but at this point we ordered food.20 minutes go by...we flag down our waitress to let her know that we need to get to a movie in 45 minutes. she said our food would be out in a few minutes. another 20 minutes still no food and our waitress is nowhere to be seen. we flag down another waitress she says she will find our waitress who we then notice is chatting with one of the other waitresses. she finishes her conversation and finally makes her way over to our table about five minutes later. she says she didn't even realize our food hadn't arrived (well you never even checked on us so of course you didn't). after speaking with the kitchen staff she informs us that she definitely put our order in so it must have been given to someone else by mistake. because they wouldn't have noticed that that wasn't what they ordered? seriously?the waitress told us she could give us our food for take out and since we were starving we reluctantly agreed. 10 minutes later our food and the bill arrived. all that was comped was the iced tea and we got some free utensils and wetnaps. how generous! we shovelled what we could into our mouths did not leave a tip (thankfully we didn't have the added gratuity that john had) and sprinted to our movie where we covertly finished our smuggled food. worst part? i opened the wetnap and it was totally dry. of course.however i gave this place two stars instead of one. that's because my food when i finally got it was perfect. i had the greek burger and it was huge cooked exactly how i like it with delicious toppings. i really wish i could come back here for the food but...hell no.",0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1
