"... look... i hate writing a less than stellar review of a business. it actually makes my cold goth baby heart sad. no one wants to go somewhere and get bad service thats just ludicrous. (not ludacris close but not the same.)i have just recently moved to beechview and the best part of moving to a new part of this wonderful city is giving new businesses a try! i have sampled so many tasty and amazing new food items and coffee drinks etc etc. i am always in search of a non-smoking bar where i can hang out eat drink and get to know the locals. i prefer small bars with yinzers as they tend to be a true gauge of a neighborhood for me. we have many friends in this area which means that we got some great tips before we even moved in about different types of food stores laundromats and bars. one of these tips repeated from friend to friend was the huddle. as the name implies it is a bar where you can be certain you can watch a sports game of whatever sport-ball type you're interested in. it is indeed non-smoking a handful of tables suitable for 4 people and a u shaped bar right in the center as soon as you come in. it is a cash only establishment with an atm on site for quick transactions. the have free popcorn from a popcorn machine which makes the place smell amazing. it's been around quite a while which means that there is a great group of locals who frequent the establishment. this is truly everything i need in a local bar. we had been in for the very first time for drinks shortly after moving in and happened to be in there on one of their two weekly wing nights. this are not the wee tiny wings more a weird in between of some of the full size wings i've had other places that clearly came from giant monster mutant chickens (i mean maybe they were goose wings who even knows... they were huge) and the teeny tiny wing night wings you find most other places. they have two options; buffalo (sloppy) and tanned which are buffalo then cooked again so they are drier and crisp and un-freaking-believeable. the prices are mega cheap and it's so filling and delicious we've been back more than once for them. i like this place so much we have even taken the handsome-boyfriend's mother there when she was in town for the weekend. (p.s. she loved it too!) my dear sweet lovely readers here is where i have to talk about something less than all of the amazing parts i've already mentioned. tonight both ravenous from too little food and too much work-day we trekked up the monster that is coast avenue for beers and food and a chill environment (that would undoubtably involve pre-season football). we walk in the door and aside from an employee (other than the bartender) and a few people in the back at tables we are the only patrons aside from one regular. we belly up to the bar on the far side and say our hellos. this is where i get a serious case of the sad. the bartender working seemed annoyed by our presence. ok i get it... i work sort of indirectly with the public i have days where i can't handle people. it happens! as customers come in and sit down she greets them with a warmth that was clearly lacking. ok. that's sort of disappointing but still fine. when we got to the point that we asked for a menu three times while she retrieved menus and took orders for the people next to us an hour after we came in... thats where i start to have an issue with the service. eventually we decided to leave because i was tipping over the line to hangry and was afraid i'd lose my temper after the 3rd time we had asked for menus and didn't get them while she continued to warmly greet other patrons and provide them menus and take their orders while refilling our beers seemed to be an annoyance to her to the point of not even asking if we wanted another or the same beer and just taking the glass and starting to fill it (wherein i had to stop her because i hadn't asked her for another one and actually just wanted the tab cashed out).yes of course i'll give it another try i want this to be my local hang out bar. my service in sitting at the table or being served by the woman i presume is the owner has been great. the food is amazing. the prices are great. don't let me down the huddle.",0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1
