"two meals on the recommendation of a friend who lives near the place and after the second trip i was compelled to write. 'rocky' would definitely describe the experiences.on the first trip i went to try their (at that time)raved about reuben. and yet to find a true good reuben in da burgh i tried it.well they were out of the proper bread and the guy had to run to the store to buy the closest thing he could find which was not the proper bread and instead of one of their 'raved about' reubens i received two mini-reubens which basically took the guts from one reuben and spread it out onto two sandwiches on regular sized bread. i ate it. it wasn't great but they swore it was because they'd run out of the bread. bread or not it still wasn't great. the atmosphere was pleasant in that 'blue collar bar' kind of way and the staff was very nice but not a winning pitch on the reuben.the second trip was after a long day of moving furniture with the same friend. sat in the back room instead of the bar which felt more like a restaurant of course with the big screen tv covering the sports of the moment.i was in the mood for dinner this time and after a scan decided on fried chicken and mashed potatoes with the salad bar. my friend ordered one of her faves the breaded pork chops.we hit the salad bar which was uber-basic. three soups (mostly vegetable loaded which left me out) basic iceberg lettuce mix (very probably out of a bag) a few veggie toppings and three or four dressings. it was a basic salad no big deal. more or less an appetizer filler before the meal.the mind-blower in this trip was the ordering of the fried chicken dinner. our waiter looked like a 19 year old gas station attendant skinny little blonde guy with a sweet but incredibly naive face and an air of vapidity which was confirmed when i placed my order. i asked what chicken pieces came in the dinner and asked if it was possible to only get dark meat. i never imagined how confusing a question that could possibly be. it literally took him two trips back to the kitchen to 'ask' and the child honestly had no clue what 'white meat' and 'dark meat' meant. the first answer he came back with was that the chicken came in a pre-portioned prepared bag kind of kentucky fried chicken style...which didn't answer my question thus prompting the second trip. after the second trip back i heard the cook holler 'tell him i'll fix him up'. well the chicken was prepackaged dreck like you'd find in the freezer case of walmart tiny and not good and the potatoes had that slight tinge of chem-spuds flavor laden with some kind of chopped up green (parsley?) and a side of that basic brown gravy served up in 5 gallon buckets.thank goodness for the basic salad bar.even my friend admitted that her pork chops were different and not what she'd expected. they also appeared to be from a freezer bag.the irony was that the boy who didn't know white meat from dark meat was chatting with some other customers...about baseball...and he was a genius about the mindless sport of baseball. ahhhh da burgh.third base? nah...why bother when there are so many other options around. go on in a grab a beer and chat black and gold if you happen to be in carnegie...they can help you out all types of ways in that area. just don't go hungry if you actually have tastebuds.from what i understand it 'used to be' really good homecooked food. but apparently mama has left the kitchen.",0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1
