"when did dave and buster's become a daycare?? everywhere you look there are signs that say kids must be accompanied by an adult but apparently no one was honoring that at 6pm on a saturday. i couldn't even walk through the place without someone shoving me. ahhh!i get that dave and buster's is an arcade and that you're going there to play some games maybe eat and kill some time. when i last went there a few years ago we there for my bachelor party and while i'm sure we got into some shenanigans i don't remember children running wild there. we were having adult beverages playing games and having a good time. this time it was ridiculous. it isn't chuck e. cheese yet that's how parents seem to be treating the place.on top of that the customer service sucked. the place is gigantic with tables and serving areas everywhere yet on a saturday at 6pm the hostess told us (after interrupting us three times to chat with the other hostess) told us it would be a three hour wait despite the fact that there were empty tables all over the dining room. i suspect this is a ploy to get you to play games and spend money until you're table is ready but the food at dave and buster's is not worth a three hour wait on any day.the hostess told us we could be served right away if we went to the midway and found an empty table so we attempted that. most of those tables were empty with usually one or two adults at a giant empty table filled with coats who informed us that they needed the table because their kids would be back soon after playing games. next i engaged in the most rudest thing i've ever done- i began stalking tables where people were finishing up. i would walk up to people paying their check ask if i could have their table when they were done and they would inform me that there were already two or three people who asked them and i should get in line.finally we found a table and proceeded to spend two hours eating dinner. it wasn't because we ordered a lot of food- it was that the waiter took forever to bring our food out. he seemed to have no problem getting us fresh drinks until we drank as much as we could and then asked for water. after that he seemed to come around a lot less. i had the build your own chicken tacos which comes on a giant plate with all kinds of fixings. the fixings were fresh but the chicken was cold and dry and the tortillas were dried out as well. for $14 it wasn't worth it. after dinner we proceeded to play games which entails shoving people to get through areas and waiting in line to play anything. all in all i didn't like my experience at dave and busters. i remembered it being a fun place to go and unwind as an adult. but between all the kids and the crappy service can't recommend this place. if anyone asks me to go back i may elect to stay home and poke my eyes with a fork.",0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1
