"i stopped here yesterday with rob and matt after golf to have a few drinks prior to seeing the hangover at loews across the street.  incidentally the hangover is one of the funniest movies i've seen in years and worth the $10 to see it in the theater.  okay back to the restaurant the space itself is very nice.  there are plenty of hightops plasmas and a few booths.  it's spacious and they have outdoor seating and open windows.  we sat at the bar and were greeted relatively quickly by the bartender who was tending a pretty much empty bar.  i ordered a guinness as usual rob ordered a long island iced tea and matt had a miller light.  make sure and tell them if you want a top shelf tea else you'll be getting the stuff in the plastic bottles.  i sampled rob's long island tea and it was not that good way too much sours.  the next one he ordered was much better after a little guidance to the bartender.  the bartender herself was okay not too friendly but quick enough with the pours.  i don't remember her name which is usually not a good sign.  we ordered a few things from the appetizer menu.  we started with the chips and salsa.  the chips were crisp enough but not served warm and the salsa had some spice but the colors were a little off kind of looked like the color of pea soup.  rob then ordered the philly cheese steak sliders.  i tried one it was okay i guess  the bun was warm and it was pretty loaded with cheese and onions.  he asked for a side of mayo and they said they were out which is bizarre because there is a giant eagle a couple blocks away.  this pretty much sums up my experiences at the bar louie's i've been too.  they kind of do just enough for me to come back but rarely make any real effort with service.  maybe i'm being too critical... i tried to order the baked goat cheese but they were out... so i settled on the hummus appetizer.  this was surprisingly pretty good.  the pita was warm and toasted the hummus had lots of flavor and the tabouleh was edible.  it's probably best to stick to simple stuff when dining here.  matt had the hot wings which i tried one and it was okay your pretty standard mass produced chicken wing.  all in all this place isn't that bad.  if you want to grab a drink before or after the movie and you're more concerned with convenience than necessarily friendly service and really good food than you could do worse.",0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1
