"this rating is for the drinks only and atomosphere and based on my personal taste a bit ok  a big bit. this is definately a i'm a young professional pittsburgh business person and i've arrived. status bar or i'm a young college girl and i've just had my first boob job care to help fund my nose job too? bar  i did not try the food becaused i moved from a place where we have awesome brazilian restaurant where fresh meats melt in your mouth accompanied by tart sweet grilled pineapple and real slow cooked brazilian beans mmmm. soooo after seeing how pittsburgh does mexican food i'm not willing to drop my pennies to risk the disapointment of pittsbugh attmepts brasilian. the bar is roomy with nice lounge seating which is nice for those who don't want to participate in the round the bar meat market. the guys make for fun people watching either all suits or in their pirates jerseys. or the occaisional jersey shore look a like meat heat in his v neck t shirt who is too good to attempt so much as a toe tap to the beat of the music. then there's the balding old man with twenty something on his arm who already looks like she has botoxed up her face in an attempt to mirror her idol kim k. there are few older gay gentlemen i would have liked to chat with who mad things a little more interesting. there was an awesome looking woody allen meets andy warhol look a like with cool glasses and an awesome white frizzy mane.the women range from down to earth girlfriends in for chat drink and dance to wifes and girlfriends grinding it up on the dance floor with their man to the cougars. warning cougar dance zone these women looked decent though and i'll give it to em they weren't afraid to shake it. my biggest gripe about this place (i know i haven't gotten there yet) the drinks are sugary syrup crap. you can only put too many sugary alcohols together before you get a tummyache you might as well be drinking the syrup flavors starbucks puts in your coffee. stick to something on the rocks or a vodka soda most places cannot screw that up too badly (aside from bar louie) but i will get to them later. price is lame also 8 bucks and up for a mojito and they use coconut rum in it! yuck. sorry my college days of only being able to handle coconut rum are over it is was frat guys give girls with a roofie.anyway moving on my biggest gripe was that there is a cop standing by the door who looks like he just walked away from beating a non white person to death. i know i know cops have the hardest job and i will be the first to say it but this guy has a thick energy so nasty it hits you in the face from across the room. the way he was looking at the non white people who were a little to loud for his tastes no louder than the booming music mind you. made my stomach churn. also they used him to close at 1:15am on a saturday. thats pretty lame for a downtown bar just because they were not packed. bars in salt lake city utah do that come on bossanova this is pittsburgh aka  drinkersville not mormondryville. just sayin....",0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1
