"i didn't have the awful experience some had here based on prior reviews but it was definitely mediocre.  i went on a wednesday evening and the place was totally dead except maybe one couple sitting by the sushi bar part of the time i was there.  which is sad because they have such a huge space with 2 levels lots of seating and great proximity to both the strip and downtown.  a lot more could be done with this place.  the menu was printed in very poor quality with what could have been nice pictures of food options but they were super fuzzy and hard to see.  it seemed like their korean menu was pretty varied but i had come for the sushi.  i ordered the kim's favorite roll which was described as tuna yellowtail broiled eel and salmon  but what i wasn't expecting was the salmon to be cooked all the way through.  maybe i  should have read it as broiled eel and salmon but that wasn't clear or typical of this sort of roll.  normally eel is cooked but the other fish are raw unless specified otherwise.  maybe you'd have a fried roll or something baked or seared on the top but to cook one type of fish that is normally raw and mix it inside with 2 raw types just seems strange to me.  so it ended up being a really odd combination with the raw tuna and yellowtail next to the cooked sushi which wasn't so great all squished together inside the roll.  the sushi roll was quite large at 16 pieces but i still felt that 18.95 was really pricey considering the quality of the fish was only mediocre with small portions and they used a ton of rice. the quality of the fish was again just ok.  not super fresh but not bad either.  the rolls (and those of my friends) kept falling apart as we tried to eat them.  it seemed they weren't properly wrapped or maybe it was just that they tried to use way too much rice.  one fun thing was that all the rolls came out on little boats so that was a nice touch.  the roll also came with a miso soup which was fine but nothing special.  the miso soup didn't have the awful taste some others here reported but it tasted like what i'd make from a powered package rather than made fresh.  i also got the shrimp shumai which were again just ok and tasted like what i could get from the freezer section of an asian store and microwave myself rather than made fresh.  one person at our table got a korean dish which came with 4 side dishes that were all vegetable except for the fish cakes.  she said her food tasted decent but the beef bul go gi dish she got just didn't look right or have the proper color it should have had.  just liked kind of dry and plain.  when i went to the restroom i was disturbed to see trays of the korean side dishes in the hallway just sitting out in the open not covered or anything!  it would be different if the restaurant were bustling but it was totally dead and pretty clear those wouldn't be eaten that evening (so i shudder to think that after hours sitting out uncovered unrefrigerated that they put them out again the next day and hoped someone would eat them...).  if you aren't that busy there is no reason things can't be prepared to order!  that is simply lazy.  also i overheard part of a conversation between a waiter and a guy at the sushi bar about something being expired and what to do about that.  unfortunately i couldn't hear all the details but it was disturbing since this was after we all had gotten our food already.  i mean it's good they are being mindful of expiration dates but it sounded like someone had to be schooled on it based on what i heard.  but granted that i only heard bits and pieces so i can't say for sure.  i don't think i'll go back here again.",0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1
