"service was excellent.  the menu offerings were spotty.a group 16 of us attended the saints-steelers game in november.  we attend most of the away games and have an opportunity to eat at some very good restaurants.  lidia's was a place i was looking forward to because i am aware of her by reputation.   we had several appetizers including the bruschetta which was really only to my liking.  the balsamic was excellent - syrupy and sweet - and clearly a nicely aged one.  but it was incongruous with the rest of the dish and so not many enjoyed it.  the bread served at the table was really very good and we devoured baskets of it. comments from some of the other diners:- baked shrimp appetizer was pretty good the calamari was very good.  - rucola  salad was (in my opinion) excellent- beet salad was interesting and overall very good- butternut squash soup was enjoyed by several of us- scampi alla felidia was ordered by several guests with mixed opinions- lasagna bolognese?  so so at bestgnocchi and duck ragu was what i ordered.  i was very disappointed. the duck was shredded and cooked into a sort of red congealed thick mass with little texture.  the gnocchi were so underdone as to be a sort of glutinous paste sitting under the duck.  the texture was completely unappealing but i do have to say that the flavor of the duck ragu (ragout?) was pretty good. still the gnocchi - one of my favorite things and something i make myself probably once a month - were a disappointment.  i didn't send it back because it didn't seem appropriate in the setting of a very large group to monopolize the wait staff.  i'd still give it a try again when i'm there in june but it seems that some of their efforts are focused more on being creative which is good but falling somewhat short.by the way if you like a more traditional italian and happen to be in st. louis charlie gitto's on the hill is a great place. similar in ambiance and quality to lidia's the service there can't be beat and the food is quite good as well.",0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1
