"i was determined to let this one pass (experience was not worth commentary) until i made a disturbing discovery...i made a reservation for inside. they sat us outside. that turned out to be preferable to us because the tables that were available inside were very close to others. the patio was spacious and decorated with busts slightly preferable to the inner cheap.trendy.interiors.com shit. have you seen the terrible bathroom wallpaper borders? probably not as the ladies room is a very dim place; don't expect to be able to notice that your botox implant is crooked. anyway it was hot under the space-ray heater on the patio making for a sweaty and ice-instantly-melted beverage winter night. the food was alright with some interesting flavor pairings but it was certainly not quite worth the price. the bread was the best i've had in pittsburgh. our server made it seem that everything she was doing was somebody else's job in fact it was mostly other people who delivered which made it confusing in terms of knowing who to ask for things and whether or not to factor some of the fine service into the tip that presumably goes mostly to the primary server who was sub-par for upscale dining; our question for the kitchen left unanswered the host is supposed to do that but i will... run on. when i described the qualities i was looking for in my wine choice during beverage inquiry she just stared blankly and waited for me to decide. the wine list did not include descriptions. the gal who delivered the wine thankfully did describe it before popping the top and it was determined that i did not want this cheapest option before me! she described another bubbly that sounded and was according to my own tastes delightful. i was so very satisfied with the sparkling sensation of the meal that i sought it out at the wine and spirits store. this was the moment that my minor disappointment in the value of my special-occasion dinner at casbah turned into a feeling of devastating violation. i am talking about a 400% markup on the retail price of this wine. if you want to do your own math: at casbah the 1/2 bottle of gruet blanc du noirs cost $35 while a whole bottle at w&s is priced at $16.99. you can bet that i will choose to enjoy this wine elsewhere like avenue b (byob) next time. casbah is lacking the quality service honesty and original ambiance that should accompany creative food at moderately high prices.**update: i recently saw a full size bottle of the gruet on a restaurant menu for $30; casbah take a tip!",0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1
