"i have to say that i write this review with much regret because i have always loved papa j's. but my recent experience there has changed my mind a bit. from the minute we were seated we were greeted by a server that was clearly inexperienced and didn't know the menu. as i said before i've been to papa j's a good handful of times so i know the menu decently well but the server couldn't explain any of the questions i had about a couple new dishes i was thinking about trying. i swear this guy must have just looked at the menu for the first time a few minutes ago.but it wasn't just the knowledge of the menu. it was one thing after another with our server. my wife asked for a glass of water 4 times until she finally got it (at which point the meal was over so we didn't care at that point).  i mean come on for a restaurant of this calibre and price is it too much to ask for a glass of water? there was no one filling up water.my biggest complaint however is what happened with our meals. my dad and i both ordered the trout special (trout with roasted red peppers and lump crabmeat). instead the meal that was delivered to both of us was trout with a heaping pile of spinach and mushrooms. not what the special was at all.  and by the way that item is on the menu as a regular item so whether or not the mistake was made by the server (which we are sure it was) or the chef who knows for certain. not to mention though that a good server wouldn't have served us that regardless. but before you think we had an unusal experience that was all due to a poor server let me continue. when we informed our server of the mistake he didn't really believe us until he checked his order sheet and then he blamed the error on the chef. at this point the meal had been sitting (because it took us forever to flag this guy down again) so the trout was basically cold. the server then said he would have the meals re-made. so he took the meals back to the kitchen. meanwhile of course my wife and mom are eating their meals and my dad and i are sitting there with no meals. also keep in mind that my wife still had not gotten the water she had been asking for and my iced tea had been refilled with a soda (yes believe that or not). all the kitchen did was scrape their mistake off of our fish! they didn't remake anything. our fish was served to us again with little pieces of spinach and mushrooms sticking all over it. quite frankly the fish wasn't good at all. i honestly would have rather had a fish sandwich from mcdonald's that night. the server never did anything to try to make our experience better - he knew we weren't happy but never offered anything such as dessert on the house. i'm not looking for a handout but our experience was just plain awful that night. the guy never really even apologized for the mistake. normally i may have asked for a manager but at this point i was ready to just get out of there (plus we had to be somewhere else that night).my opinion... for the money there are many other restaurants i would rather eat at.",0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,1
