"i have mixed feelings about this place.  i'll say up front: i only ever go there on sundays for football and i would never go there for any other reason.  it is the only bar i know of in the city where you can reliably find every nfl game televised and enjoy your sunday if you're not a steelers fan.  pretty much every team is represented by the crowd on sundays with a disproportional number of bills and redskins fans.  the crowd is generally friendly with many of the same faces from week to week.they tend to have a wide selection of beers that rotates pretty regularly but wide selection doesn't always mean good selection.  that said sometimes they get some really great beers that you wouldn't expect to find at a sports bar.  whatever you do don't order a bloody mary they're atrociously bad.  the staff is almost universally friendly with the exception of one barback who seems to always be in a bad mood and rude to customers (he often takes over as bartender later in the day on sundays).  that said the wait staff don't seem to know much about the food or beers that are offered often mis-characterizing new beers that are on tap or giving wrong information about things on the menu.the food is mediocre and over-priced.  when two of us go for one game on a sunday drink 3-4 beers each and each order an entrée we generally end up with a tab in the $80-90 range depending on what we're drinking that day.  in a city that is almost universally accommodating to vegetarians this place is most decidedly not.  they have a veggie burger which is actually pretty good but it's the only decent thing on the menu for a vegetarian to eat (there is also a grilled cheese sandwich and a veggie sandwich both of which are bland to the point of tasteless.  it's like eating plain bread).  they have 4 entrée salads and every one of them has meat as a defining ingredient.  they don't even have beans so you could have decent veggie nachos.  i know it's a sports bar but i don't want to eat the same veggie burger every sunday for 17 weeks.  it gets old.  fast.upshot?  in the absence of a new sports bar opening up we'll be back next season but not before then.",1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
