"i am not a fan of chain restaurants typically and had to slowing break my boyfriend from wanting to eat at chain restaurants all of the time. the one chain that i can't break from is rock bottom. their beer is always good- as far as their staples go i really love their white ale. their seasonal ipas have been good and my favorite seasonals of all time included their chocolate raspberry stout (...yes it tasted as good as it sounds; they had it last year around christmas) and their smoky bbq brown ale (tasted like summer complemented bbq amazingly ; they had it this past summer i bought a growler of it lol). as far as their food goes i typically stay away from the appetizers. $10 and up is a little too pricey for me as far as appetizers go. i've had their southwestern rolls and they were good but not worth $10. almost every time i go i order the baja chicken sandwich. it's my favorite chicken sandwich! so good. the chicken is actually grilled (which goes for all of their chicken sandwiches) and i love the charred flavor that it has. the bun is soft but sturdy and doesn't fall apart while eating the sandwich the sauce is amazing the onion frizzles are the best and last but not least... there's a half of a fresh avocado on this sandwich. mhm! i love it. my boyfriend usually gets the hickory bbq bacon chicken sandwich and loves it as well. another item i always get... their apple coleslaw. i've yet to find better coleslaw in a restaurant. so simple yet oh so good. they also recently changed their fries and these are much better than their old ones. their side salads are awesome as well. they are decent in size- spring mix topped with sunflower seeds raisins half of a hard boiled egg (which i give to the boyfriend) chopped cucumbers and tomatoes and croutons. yum! i usually order the same thing every time i go. i steered off my normal path once and ordered the buffalo mac and cheese and found it to be quite tasteless. which turned me off to trying new items there. plus i am just too in love with the baja chicken sandwich and apple coleslaw to want to try anything else. service is always great the bartenders are friendly... i love this place. ask about their rock bottom rewards !",1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
