"rock bottom brewery in homestead is always a good time.  they brew their own semi-micro brew here and generally have as many as eight brews to chose from.  saturday night c and i stopped by to have a little dinner and enjoy some of their frosty beverages.  our first issue of the night was getting to rock bottom.  as the restaurant is located in homestead a trip across the hi level bridge was in order.  little did we realize that the bridge was under construction and it took nearly 40 minutes to get across it.  upon arriving at the restaurant we were presented with the task of finding a place to park which proved to be a daunting task.  this place was absolutely packed due to several locations sharing a parking lot.  after we got inside our wait was about 45 minutes but luckily we were able to find a seat inside the packed bar while we waited.the food at rock bottom is quite tasty but it is all pretty standard bar fare with the nachos and burgers leading their menu.  they also have entrees such as steaks but this place is not exactly known for their high class food products.  i was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food and we quickly determined that this would not be your average plate of nachos in a bar.our order consisted of a plethora of items from their appetizer menu including chicken nachos quesadillas and ball park pretzels.  we had planned on splitting a meal for dinner but by the time the appetizers arrived we knew we had way too much food in front of us. the nachos were on a gigantic plate and piled high with cheese sour cream guacamole and shredded chicken.  containing just the right amount of jalapenos they had a nice little kick as well.  in much the same way the quesadilla was much more than an appetizer portion.  with shredded meats and cheeses overflowing from the tortilla there was enough food here for a two person entree.  the ball park pretzels are the reason we come to this place.  they are always so light and soft with just the right amount of salt.as far as the beers are concerned i ordered up the sampler so that i could get a taste of the various brews.  they make a wide assortment of brews from the bud lightesque lumpy dog to a dark brew masters choice.  i found many of the beers to be quite tasty however nothing exactly special about them.  i would be that a taste test would find one hard pressed to chose the rock bottom brew over any off the shelf six pack.  don't get me wrong - still excellent brews but i would expect more from a place that claims to be a brewery.i give it 3 out of 5 rinsem's due to the lack of originality in the brews and the amount of traffic involved with getting in and out of the place.",1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
