"great place for a birthday party!  a family gathering!  a work retirement party!  or even a double-date!a combination watering hole great place to eat and great entertainment for adults! adult games!the homestead (pittsburgh) location of dave & busters is just one of the almost 50 locations across the country - from new york to florida to california - - from canada to mexico.  the dave & busters idea was conceived in little rock arkansas back in the 1970s. two different businesses (one a popular watering hole & one a game & entertainment business) were right next door to each other. the two young owners were friends and quickly realized that combining their businesses made perfect sense. so they opened the first combined d & b in  . . . . no not little rock but dallas! to this day there are no d & b's in little rock. not sure what is up with that! but lots of other cities have been the beneficiaries of these two friends combining their businesses.the one in pittsburgh is the only one i have ever been to.  when i lived there a group of friends and co-workers (and me of course!)used to go there for happy hour & power hour . . . . at least once a week. we had a blast!  a great place to kick-back and let the worries of the work day melt away.wonder if they'll ever open one in marin county ca? shucks!  probably not. not a marin county scene for sure. what a blast it was though! i miss going to d & b. they have all the classics like billiards & shuffleboard plus over 200 interactive & video games. a rechargable power card provides an easy way to access all the games.  power hour is game happy hour - - an entire hour of classic and video games for just  ten bucks.  a great bar wonderful food and service! a relaxing and fun way to spend a friday or saturday evening. you'll never want to leave. meet your friends here grab a beer and a burger or steak and hit the games. time will just evaporate . . . . while you laugh and drink with your favorite girl your best friend or even your boss!  dave & busters! lots of parking! lots of fun!fun! fun! fun! fun! fun! fun! . . . . bring on the beer!",1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
