"ehh 3.5 -- i can't rate it super low because i do smile a lot during my visits. speaking of that i've been here a few times but never wrote a review for d&b. i'm a kid at heart and honestly do enjoy the games. however there have been multiple instances where i swiped my game card & it took my credits but no game began. there have also been times that i won and no tickets were released. i guess nothing is perfect but it does happen atleast once a visit (each scenerio)  it's hard to find a worker walking around and for half-price games you kind of just take your loss with the 1.3 credits for skee ball (hmph!)the food- it really isnt anything too fancy. i've had okay food but super long wait times for a simple chicken fingers & fries for example. it's your basic sandwiches salads appetizers & a few pastas. i believe all sandwiches & burgers are around $10 & served with fries.  you can get the eat & play deal which includes food from a specific menu + a game card. besides the game card deal if you wanted to make d&b a date night you might be better off heading to another place to eat in waterfront for amazing food.. but to each their own.  try it once i suppose. the brownie sundae that i devoured last night was satisfying (2 brownies 2 scoops of ice cream.. one with chocolate syrup; the other with raspberry sauce & fresh strawberries. oh & whip cream)drinks- pretty weak. we ordered 2 liquid maryjanes (2 each that is) which are filled with multiple shots of alchy & didn't really catch a buzz. oh welllll. they do have a happy hour from 5-7pm. i'd go during that time for the best deal. i believe cocktails are half off & $3 off  bottles of wine. i've never seen anyone walking around with a wine glass though lol. the prizes- as others have noted the prizes are a little cheap for the amount of tickets they cost however it's cool to leave with a d&b coffee mug cup or shot glass. last night for 2500 tickets we decided on magnetic-style dart board (1300?) a coffee mug a d&b glass (our plastic one bit the dust) & a d&b coffee travel mug.. i might be missing a few odds & ends.overall it's a fun time but can be pricey. it's best to head here wednesday for half price games or get the eat & play deal while dining. i can't lie though i find myself smiling ear to ear a few times within those 3 hours (woah seemed longer than amount of time :d ) speaking of which in that time-frame we played 250 credits (cost= $40) but it was half-price games.",1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
