"if i could i'd dock a half star after my second visit.  but i feel positively enough about my first meal there that taking off a whole star seems harsh.  i got a free entree coupon for my birthday for signing up for big burrito's mailing list and decided to revisit casbah.  the good: we got to enjoy the patio even though the weather was a little cool because it was heated.  my maccheretto a pasta entree with white beans sun-dried tomato pesto and walnuts was very good.  the pasta was al dente and the white beans were perfectly cooked (not mushy).  it was maybe a touch too salty (the fontina maybe?) but i was happy with the choice.  now onto the weird.  after taking our orders our waiter asked if we wanted bread with our big-calorie pasta dishes.  checking if we want bread is fine--but umm he could have left out the comment about the pasta?  my friend and i are both twentysomething women.  luckily we're not that insecure about our bodies.  we like to eat.  yes bring the bread.when he brought our entrees he sang happy birthday to you happy birthday to you under his breath as he put my pasta in front of me.  i don't like people singing to me at restaurants so i'm grateful it wasn't audible to everyone else on the patio--but a simple happy birthday would have sufficed.  then when he cleared our plates he asked if my dish was everything [i] wanted and more.  i appreciate the gestures but it felt artificial.he asked if we'd like to see the dessert menu--and added that he was supposed to ask that that we shouldn't feel obligated.  uh what?  i think this and the bread/pasta comment bothered me the most.  to redeem the birthday coupon you have to show an id.  i recently cut my hair so it's different than my license photo.  when he returned my id to me our waiter said i like the short hair.  if this had been the only unusual statement he had made during the meal i would have taken it as a compliment.  i guess it is one.  but when considered with all the other weird things it just felt like he was trying way too hard and my friend and i both felt awkward.the food here is good and i feel that the service this time was unusual and the more professional service i had on my first visit here is closer to the norm.  i'd feel leery though if i were to have this particular server again.",1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
