"i went to pino's to celebrate a friends birthday on a thursday night.  i hadn't been in pino's since they renovated but i have to say that they made the interior beautiful.  we made reservations but i don't think we would have needed them since there was just a few other parties seated when we came in.  my two girlfriends and i always have a tough time deciding what to order...so naturally we order one of everything that looks good.  we started with the charcuterie platter which was a mix of absolutely delicious prosciutto capicola and soppressata with a bit of veggies and mozzarella.  this was an impressive way to start out the meal.  we all wanted to try the seasonal ravioli which was pumpkin (too tempting for three certified pumpkin fanatics) so we got an order to share as an appetizer.  this was unlike other pumpkin ravioli i've had...very pumpkiny.  the ravioli was good although we all agreed that we wouldn't have been able to eat a whole order.  it was very sweetly spiced and i was missing a little bit of savory with the dish.  i ordered the grilled sausage pizza for my entree and was pleased with it.  i admittedly never get too excited about pizza and this was good but nothing that i was dreaming about later that night.  overall the food was a 3-4 for me.  the service was outstanding.  our waiter was very welcoming and knowledgable.  my friends got dessert and when the chef (i assume chef pino?) came over to ask how it was my friend jokingly said that it was delicious but would be perfect with a bit of sauce.  before she could take another bite he whisked both of the desserts away and added fresh strawberries and sauce saying that he would be serving the dish that way for now on.  talk about service!  the whole experience was fantastic service gets a 5.  added bonus:  awesome beer selection some brews i haven't seen.  only place i've been that had east end homewood reserve on tap for me to try (exciting for a beer dork like me and it is tasty by the way).",1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
