"dave and buster's has to be split up into separate experiences to rate it. dining: 2 starsi had a party of 20 coming in; i had called ahead of time and arrived early. they immediately set up the table while about 4 of my friends and i waited; the hostess after taking my name never spoke to us again. she did not tell us when we could sit how long it would be or any other information. and then they made us wait for 75% of our party to show up before they would seat us. mind you there was no one else waiting and the table was ready and we were ready to order. but they didn't tell us this; i didn't even know why we were being forced to wait until i heard a supervisor whispering to the waitress about making us wait. i still have no idea why we were forced to wait. when my full party was finally seated we were helped by two waiters who were perfectly polite and nice. but our service was rather haphazard. people would order drinks and food and get things at wildly different times. one person was done eating appetizers and drinks when another was just getting their first drink. i know there was chaos to a big party but it got a little out of hand.the food is pretty standard american chain food comparable to appleby's and chili's - not offensive but nothing to knock your socks off. it has a decent selection and a few good desserts and appetizers and everything was competently prepared. overall it is a fine enough meal for a large group before going to enjoy the arcade at fairly reasonable prices but some of the service standards are poor. in the future we will probably eat at one of the other restaurants in the area and then move over to d&b's for games.bar: 1 stardrinks are predictably expensive but there is a wide variety. the problem is that about half of them don't even kind of resemble what is on the menu and most don't have enough alcohol to even taste. worse yet while you can get a drink at the bar in the arcade the staff is either completely non-interactive or just rude. you have to track them down and then have a minimum of interaction before they stomp off like you ruined their life.arcade: 4 starsthere are a lot of great games here to play and many that are fun with groups or pairs. it is a great place for a large party because you can mingle with all your friends playing many different very fun games. if you are a couple there are also many great selections that everyone enjoys. the staff on the floor is helpful and fast to fix games that have problems and are typically polite. the ticket prizes are cheap as expected but kind of fun and the people in the ticket shop were always nice and quick to help.overall: 3 starsif you want to hang out here i would suggest eating somewhere else and then playing games and having fun here but only order beer at the bar and don't expect a smile.",1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
