"i have mixed feelings about this place. i wish i could give 2.5 stars but i'm in a good mood so i'm rounding up today. this was my first time here and i honestly wasn't sure what to expect. the first thing i noticed when i walked in was the layout of the dining area. it seemed less intimate than i had pictured in my mind. the tables were all jammed together and the restaurant had a crowded feel to it. fortunately there wasn't a long wait as we had made a reservation. we were seated at a table in the middle of the dining room alongside a busy throughway. it seemed all the servers were destined to walk past our table. i appreciated that their menu pointed out that their meals were meant to be shared. my wife and i decided to share our two meals: chang's spicy chicken and double pan fried noodles. before our meal came out our waitress set some sauces on the table in a here's your sauce kind of way. i remember thinking that's very nice but i have no idea why you just gave us sauce. there was no explanation - just a little tray of sauces. our food came out and she finally asked if we like mild medium or hot sauce. we picked medium and with a few scoops she turned our three sauces into three mixed sauces and i still didn't know what they were for. forget the sauce though my attention was now drawn to our meal. for meals that were meant to be shared these sure are little portions. i guess when you go for that high-end presentation you can charge 50% more for 50% less. the food itself was good (in an ok sort of way). i can't say it was the best i've had but it was good enough. overall i thought the experience was lacking. p.f. chang's tries to be classy but does it in a cafeteria sort of way. i was constantly distracted by the front doors opening and icy air pouring across the room. the music didn't fit the ambiance. our table felt like it was in the middle of the road. the restaurant was loud and crowded. the girls at the table next to us were taking those annoying duck-face puckered lip pictures...  i think our experience may have been different if we were seated at one of the booths along the side of the restaurant but no such luck.",1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
