"shopping at whole foods this afternoon made us hungry and as we had no plans for dinner my wife thought of cafe zinho which is nearby.  i called and they said they were quite busy but if i could get there quickly they had an open table for us.  before hanging up they reminded me to bring a bottle of wine if i wanted one.  we made a quick stop at the nearby wine and spirits shoppe bought a spanish red and showed up at cafe zinho.  they offered us the choice of two tables and immediately opened our wine and brought over two nice stems.  the waiter gave us menus described the daily specials and gave us time to mull it over.  we both ordered the soup of the day a pumpkin bisque my wife just ordered their zhino side salad as her entree and i chose a lamb burger (not elysian fields lamb i asked).  our waiter brought us a basket of what i suspect to be portuguese bread.  it had a delicious sweetness. our soups came out fairly quickly.  the bowls held a hearty serving of the delicious (and filling) cream soup.  after clearing our empty bowls our waiter bought out our entrees.  my wife's side salad was large as side salads go.  she was quite pleased with it.  it had baby greens tomato olives hearts & reduced red wine vinaigrette.  i had a taste and agreed with her assessment.  my lamb burger was huge!  it was at least an inch thick and was topped with feta and fruit chutney.  it came with a salad that filled any remaining space on the plate not taken up by the burger.  note to self- do not order a salad if you're going to order the lamb burger!  i ordered the burger cooked medium-well even though the waiter sort of tried to talk me into medium.  it came out just the way i wanted it with just a hint of pink in the middle and full of delicious juices.  my wife agreed that it was extremely yummy!  i cut the burger in half and managed to eat one of the halves along with about half the salad before i ran out of room.  my wife made it about halfway thru her salad by then and she too gave up.  we asked for doggie bags and our waiter packed our meals up in containers and put them in a plastic bag for us.  it was a very nice meal and dining experience.  we noticed that the hostess greeted most people who came thru he door by name.  obviously there are a large group of regulars who dine here often.pros: byob tasty food reasonable noise level outdoor sidewalk dining is available seasonally friendly and attentive service (if a bit unpolished).cons:  ambience (it originally was a gas station) and there is nothing fancy about the funky decor tables are packed every which way into the available interior space.",1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
