"we went here on a double date of sorts.  my boyfriend and i and my sister and her fiance.  we started with cocktails and a cheese plate.my sister ordered the watermelon fizz (gin drink) and it was super tasty.  my boyfriend ordered the berry bourbon i was jealous it was divine. i ordered the boyd and basil (vodka drink) and it was lovely.  5 stars for beverages done right.the cheese plate was wonderful it came with 3 different spreads and 5 different cheese and some prosciutto.  a+!they gave us extra bread and the salted butter and their yogurt butter.  it was amazing and we gobbled it all up.we all ordered the arugala salad -- it was gorgeous. (arugula house-made pancetta crimini mushrooms potatoes riverview farms goat cheese pancetta vinaigrette )i ordered the roasted gerber farms chicken (whole grain mustard gritsgreens fresno peppers fava & preserved lemon pesto thyme jus) my sister got the ricotta cavatelli(house-made fennel sausage spinachcrushed tomatoes ricotta) her fiance ordered the grilled swordfish(swiss chard roasted tomato garlic chilies caper crispy polenta espelette meyer lemon vinaigrette) my boyfriend got the long island duck (roasted breast braised leg gnocchi spinach lavender rhubarb duck jus)  my chicken was good not great and a little flavorless. the mustard grits were superb the lemon pesto kind of tasted like lemon pledge and really over powered the whole dish which was really disappointing.my sister adores their cavatelli but this time... it came out cold. she is not one to complain and ate it regardless.her fiance's swordfish was perfectly prepared and tasted wonderful. my boyfriends duck was cooked to perfection and all the sides were incredible (so he says). when desert rolled around i was not interested as i was already so full from the dinner. my sister ordered a glass off prosecco and chocolate s'more cake(toasted marshmallow salted caramel ice creamgraham crumb) which was deadly! i tried a small bite but since i am not a sweets person it was overpoweringly chocolatey. her fiance got the vanilla bean crème brulée(rhubarb chiboust poached rhubarb shortbread cookie) which he enjoyed very much. the rest of us opted for coffee's and watching them eat.their wine selection is dreamy their cocktails are perfection in a glass and their food is absolutely delectable.i would go back to casbah at the drop of a hat but i was not completely floored or blown away by any dish.",1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
