"i've always liked pf chang's and generally speaking this location is pretty good. i typically opt to sit at the bar where the service has always been extremely personable and fast.the food is typical pf chang's: delicious. as one of the chains that provides their nutritional information it's also nice to know that i can go there and eat somewhat healthy (i'm all about the orange peel shrimp and steamed shrimp dumplings). while some complain about the portion sizes being too small i've always felt like they were perfect. i do understand how someone looking at a $15 plate of chinese food could wonder why he or she is paying more for less than your standard chinese restaurant but it's never bothered me. most of the meals are consistently good freshly prepared and full of flavor. plus the sauce that your waiter/waitress makes for you is always a nice addition to any meal. i've tried most of the apps soups and quite a few of their entrées and have never been disappointed.i've only had one negative experience at this location in the countless times that i've gone and it revolved around service in the main dining area. i was there for lunch and the waitress essentially disappeared. i'm not sure if she had been fired quit or what but she took the order and was never seen again. after sitting there for what seemed like an eternity with empty drinks etc. i finally had to ask if someone else was going to be our server. i had never experienced something like that but i received free food vouchers for a future visit and luckily i wasn't in a rush that day so it worked out. the experience would've made me give the location a worse rating but one bad experience hasn't outweighed the countless positives: good meals solid service (especially at the bar) and great takeout service for large orders and smaller ones.the only other knock on this location - and it applies to every pf chang's i've been to - is the insane wait that you'll encounter at dinner time. my wife and i would actually go there more often if we didn't have to wait forever for a table. i love pf chang's but i hate waiting more. if you live close enough get curbside pick-up or just find somewhere else. i've yet to meet a restaurant worth a 2-hour wait. pf chang's included.",1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
