"chuckie cheese for grown ups...yeah that could sum up my review for sure (but i'll try to make it a bit more interesting than that).first let me say that this isn't my first trip to a dave & buster's.  second i actually experience all of it while here.  we will start with the food/service.  staff you were wonderful.  you were polite you greeted us as soon as we walked in the door gave us no qualms while ordering and were swift with your delivery.  food you were not wonderful.  i ordered the bbq chicken breasts.  this came with a side of broccoli and their type of mashed potatoes.  the chicken was a bit dry and in some places you can tell it was left on the grill a little too long.  there were actually some bites that all i could taste was charred meat.  there wasn't enough bbq sauce on the the chicken either.  the broccoli appeared to have been cooked prior and then thrown back into a pan to be seared.  some of my broccoli actually had some burnt crisp areas on it.  also i noticed that there were still some leaves left on the broccoli.  the mashed potatoes i wanted to like (which i hoped would be the best part of the dish i'm a bit of a potato freak) but alas i was let down. *sad face* they were cold and such a tiny portion.  with a tiny amount of shredded cheese and bacon but into that divot they made with the scoop to get it out of it's container.  oh food how if i didn't need you to survive i wouldn't complain about you.the building right now is in disarray.  they are in the midst of a remodel with lovely plastic curtains covering up certain sections of their dining area.  no bar out in the dining area right now and the pool tables were absent as well.  if you wanted a drink you had to go back into the game room.speaking of the game room by far the best part.  with the meal i ordered i got the $20 play card (the best part of the meal super charge it for $3 more and it's even better).  the game room  you can tell is in need of an update.  the carpet is worn and other signs of wear are noticeable as well.  one good thing is the games.  they change them up so often that there is always something new once you return.  who knew that playing connect 4 could be so fun or for that matter skee ball rises to the top of my list to play.i will return again but only after i eat elsewhere first.",1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
