"i ate here this past friday with my girlfriend and two other dining companions.  we decided to come here because it was pittsburgh restaurant week and they offered a special 3 course $30 fixed price menu with 2 course wine pairing for $12.  it ended up being a small little restaurant in the middle of point breeze which i had been past many times previously but never really noticed.the restaurant was swamped whenever we got there probably due to a combination of it being friday night and restaurant week so thankfully we had made reservations and were seated almost immediately.  i decided to start off my meal with a salad while my girlfriend had the tomato garlic bisque.  my salad was good and came with goat cheese pears and a vinaigrette which all tasted nicely.  it was nothing amazing but i think it takes a really special salad to be amazing.  i also tried my girlfriends bisque and unsurprisingly found it to be a bit tomato-y since i do not enjoy tomatoes very much but she really enjoyed it.  for my entree i decided to get two small plates instead of a larger entree and settled on the mac n cheese and fish tacos.  the tacos were a bit sloppy/wet but had some nice flavors (cilantro aoili and pico) in them along with some chili sauce that gave it a nice little kick.  my mac n cheese came out in its own little cast iron type pot and was good.  there was an adequate amount of cheese throughout and i liked that they even had some ricotta buried inside the dish.  i was also able to try the arrabbita that one of our dining companions had ordered.  wow was it good and it packed quite the spicy punch too.  immediately i regretted not ordering it although i still did enjoy my two small plates.  for my dessert course i ended up having the white chocolate creme brulee.  my girlfriend decided upon the tiramisu while another at our table had the peaches and puff pastry.  all of the desserts seemed large and made sure that we did not go home hungry!  my creme brulee tasted decently and ended up being a good finish to my meal.the bottom line for me is that i would definitely head back here in the future.  their regular menu seemed reasonably priced and everything that i had tried throughout the night was good.",1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0
