"the last time i was at casbah was on a balmy spring evening in my sophomore year of college. i'd arranged a dinner with my mother in a fancy effort to spring the news on her that i wanted to move out of my college dorm the following year and into a co-ed fraternity house.  i remember being underwhelmed by the food but that could've been the chilly reception with which i was met during this particular dinner and the conversation that entailed. fast forward fifteen years later (what?!) and i was back at casbah with jonathan d. and my future in-laws.  we enjoyed the prix-fixe brunch and enjoy it we did!  the meal started with a small basket of mini goodies including double chocolate muffins cranberry almond scones and buttermilk biscuits.  the meal included choice of breakfast cocktail appetizer and entree. for my selections i chose a bloody mary smoked salmon and sea scallop fry.  dare i say this meal (with one small exception) rates in my top five of all time?  i dare.  the appetizer was very filling in itself and absolutely sublime for smoked salmon.  the salmon was accompanied by a done-just-right potato pancake that i could eat ten times over.  my main entree consisted of two plump and juicy sea scallops on a bed of sweet potatoes carmelized onions and sausage (i substituted chicken sausage for the included fennel sausage).  in addition the entree included a portion of melt-in-your-mouth white corn grits and scrambled eggs that seemed out of place and that i completely could've done without.  a croissant was also included but i asked for fruit instead and was rewarded with a small side of grapes canteloupe and strawberries.  my fellow brunchers feasted on a variety of creamy polenta (looked amazing) a cheese tasting lamb and eggs and casbah benedict. everyone left smiling and satisfied.  so if you haven't given casbah a try in the last decade it might be time to visit again.  i'm so very glad i did!p.s. bring your coat into the restroom. it was about 10 below in there. brrr!",1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
