"dave & busters is a great experience  if you set your expectations realistically and carefully choose when you attend.the main squeeze and i always 1) use a survey receipt for buy $10 get $10 in free gameplay or 2) attend on a wednesday during the day (flexible work schedules). we'd never dream of eating there because we like healthy yuppie food. and we only drink cheap drafts or drink cocktails during happy hour.your visit is largely determined by time of day expectations and whether or not you eat their food. if you come on a friday night the lines will be long. you'll pay $150 for the two of you to eat drink and play for 3 hours and you'll be left with a very sour taste in your mouth.the staff is really excellent; any issue with a game not paying out tickets results in immediate help and extra tickets or a swipe for a different game from an employee. note the drinks are weak reviews. also notice it was people buying shots and ordering multiple drinks per person. that's typical white trash behavior. bartenders here are savvy; they mirror the behavior of the guests. all of our drinks have been consistently strong and well put together because we're courteous and tip well. i have witnessed bartenders bypass tattooed loud guests and address me and take my order first. this is rational logical behavior. also note the prize center games suck comments. you're supposed to stack tickets over multiple visits and use them on a big prize. like life delaying gratification nets you bigger returns. every other visit i've seen someone walk out with a video game system (wii xbox360 and even a few xbox one's). the thing about dave & busters is the crowd changes depending on day of week and time of day. sunday afternoon it's all families and friday and saturday night it's all drunk 20 somethings. the atmosphere changes and that's why the reviews are all over the place.this review is based on 8ish months of 1-3/monthly visits. most visits are 5 stars some are 4 stars.using survey receipts for buy ten get ten avoiding wednesday friday or saturday evenings (and sunday afternoon families) and avoiding the food entirely and drinking cheaply you'll have a great experience for $25-40/person.i really enjoy the staff too they split the difference between fun and professional. special shout out to riley gave us info on possibly hosting a party there.",1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
