"first off i will say that i just moved here from california and was a big patron at the rockbottom in long beach. i came to the homestead location last night eager to see the beer at this location.now rockbottom is a chain brewery so a lot was the same... the menu the food prices (yet beer is cheaper and i am fine with that). i have always found their food to be pricey but they use excellent ingredients and it has always been tasty and filling so i am fine with that. the food here was just as good as the long beach location so i have no problem with the chef at all.service was good our waitress was very friendly and helpful. i wish that they had asked us if we wanted to sit in the bar since happy hour was still going but that isn't a big thing. went to the bar to get a drink and had to wait awhile to get the bartender's attention but he was very friendly and i got a nice welcome from him and others at the bar when they learned i had just moved here... i really enjoyed that.beer: we got the beer sampler to try the whole list... and well... i found the dark beers a bit lacking in comparison. the light beer and the wheat were amazing very impressed. the pale was ok as was the velvet pale that was one of the specials of the night... but both were way too citrusy. the uppity ipa was very good... i don't usually like ipas because the hops overpowers all flavor but the brewer had a good balance. still couldn't do a whole glass. i felt the imperial stout had a bitter burned taste that was overpowering... i almost want to say the batch had too much chocolate malt in it (not ice cream malt for the non-homebrewers). the brown and amber were decent but bland. i ended up getting an actual glass of the light beer and was able to finish it all without forcing it.... one point up on long beach who had a good light but the aftertaste got to you before the glass was empty.i really wanted to try the das gut dopplebock but they were out. looks like they will have it in bottles to go soon so i hope i can catch that. also want to try the snow moon belgian.verdict: while i was not too impressed with the dark beers i found the lighter ones very good and i look forward to trying the other seasonal beers. it is a good hour drive south to get there so i won't be going too often but i will be back.",1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
